"""The fog of sleep slowly disapates, fanned away by the sound of rattling wheels on rocky road."""	"""Four walls press in close, boxing you in. Shafts of light lance into the room from a tiny window against the ceiling, weaving between iron bars to pierce the stuffy gloom."""	"""The cold weight of iron manacles rests on your wrists and clamp onto your ankles. Pounds and pounds of hefty chain link you to the floor, jangling like a rattle of bones with every movement"""	"""You are in here for a reason."""				
"button ""Treason, they say"""	set crime treason	"""They reserve their harshest punishments for the things that bring them the most discomfort. With your sentence, they hope to crush the spirits of any who would follow your revolutionary footsteps."""	"""But forget the disparaged masses, there is nothing you and them can do for each other. If there is a future for these lands, you won't be around to see it."""	"""Whatever fate is in store for you, none of your companions will bear witness. You must come up with another reason to be brave. Or maybe the time for bravery is over"""			
"button ""Framed for a murder"""	set crime framed	"""To think how many of them could be wrong, and yet be so sure they're right. The officer, magistrate, judge and jailer, all so certain in your conviction."""	"""Well, the jailer perhaps doesn't care one way or the other."""	"""But the rest of them, they were so eager to see the story they wanted. You were cased and profiled the moment they saw your face, learned where you lived, discovered your parents."""	"""And worst of all, they'll never find the bitch who did it, now that they have you. She'll live out her life without fear while you rot in a cell."""		
"button ""\""Blasphemy\"""""	set crime blasphemy	"""Blasphemy. What a concieted phrase. Their ways are the default, and any deviation is a categorical heresy. One nations blasphemy is another's mantra. But of course, they don't send their guards over the border and imprison the entire neighboring kingdom. What pathetic hypocrisy."" "	"""The demon summoning probably didn't help your case, though."""				
"button ""Self defense"""	set crime self-defense	"""It was this, or boiling alive in that duchess' stomach. Were you of higher station or she of lower, they would not have batted an eye at your actions. Justified in every sense of the word."""	"""These courts don't deal in justice, though. The way they see it, apparently you ought to have sprinkled some salt on yourself and tucked a napkin around her neck. That's where abiding by the law will get you."	"""Your sentence was written the moment you were born into the working caste. The only choice you were given was to die in prison, or die in a pampered, prissy noble."""	"""Gods above, she was delicious too."""		
"button ""I was hungry"""	set crime vore	"""Even now, it's hard to truly regret your actions. She was every bit as delicious as you knew she'd be. The memory of her taste, the sounds of her cries and then the sounds of your organs <i>claiming</i> her… it's all still so vivid."""	"if disposal ""All those pleas didn't dissuade your organs from their dutiful work, of course. No amount of begging or tears saved her from becoming a pile of shit. <i>Your</i> shit."	set dice (random 0 100)	"if (disposal and tits) tack ""Fortunately for her, she left a slightly less repulsive but no less humiliating. The woman was a wonderful and properly filling meal. """	"if (not disposal and tits) tack ""Nothing left of her now, save for a generous donation to your figure."""	if ((dick) and ()
